hey guys what's going on knuck buckets
from i play cod dot-com
got a little gun game action here for
you this is on Hanoi I think that's how
it's pronounced it's a little prison
camp in the black ops multiplayer it's a
night map as you can see one thing
you'll realize gun game you progress
through the guns there's 20 different
guns you progress through you start off
with a pistol and then quickly go to
akimbo pistols and then it just
progresses through that to give you a
little bit of different action if you
get knife if somebody melees you you get
demoted so you want to watch out for
that you'll find that the maps and gun
game they cut off certain regions on the
map to make it smaller because it is
essentially a six person free-for-all
with an objective type game-mode in this
particular gameplay I start off pretty
strong progress through the weapons very
quickly however when I get to the rocket
launchers later in the map you'll see
pretty much like an epic fail on those I
fast-forward through a little bit
because of how much of a fail I did you
know with the weapons but let's let's
watch the gameplay here for a second
right now I'm on weapon tier 7 of 20
about to be 8 of 20 and this is the m14
single fire it's a pretty beast gun if
you have a good connection if you don't
have a good connection you might want to
look into it look into a better one
those the m16 right there burst
somebody's behind me I didn't even see
them all of us playing but I'm halfway
through the progression now weapon 10 of
20 I don't remember how far in the lead
I am but here I got all trigger-happy
because I saw three guys I was ready to
get through that progression very
quickly this gun makes you run so slow
right here on weapon 13 to 20 I
you're just you're walking around the
map when you're trying to run it's kind
of frustrating but you got to get
through it again
this gameplay wasn't anything amazing
just wanted you guys to see the game
mode see a map that you haven't seen
played on very often I do get a couple
good scopes in with the sniper and the
crossbow sticky is it's pretty sick but
we'll get to that in a minute but also
you know check out I play Cod comm we
got a bunch of cool contest going on we
got some control freak stuff prestige
members here on our website you can look
and see what the prestige memberships
are about but we're giving away an xbox
360 slim to our prestige members some
control freak contests there's a nice
little scope while I was getting shot I
thought that was pretty cool not really
a quick scope but it was kind of a slide
scope I guess you could call it it was a
little quicker than a hard scope though
that's for sure and right after the what
right after the snipers is when you get
your launchers and that's where you're
about to see the fail in a few minutes
and you'll see that I fast-forward
through it to try and keep you guys
entertained but the website we got a we
just launched a new black ops loadout
that you guys will probably like a lot
it allows you to create a class share
your class with other people on the
website so check that out I think you
guys will enjoy it it's really simple
easy to use you just go to the black ops
loadout on I play cod create your
loadout and right here here here starts
the fail because I don't know how to use
these things I never use them
I don't know where to aim I think I aim
where the where the crosses and it
always ends up a little bit shorter this
one isn't even that bad it's the next
launcher that I really really fail at
and that's where I start going into
super fast mode
sorry had to do that I hear everybody
else do it so I had to try it one time
right but yeah like boom you know
progressing through right not so fast
and I think right around here I realize
it's going to take a long time so
just say you know what let's let's
fast-forward through this and this was
done in theater mode so you'll see in a
second where I thought once I let go of
the fast-forward it just it just keeps
playing but I had to hit a real quick
but this is what you can do in theater
mode you can fast-forward through stuff
you can pause it take different angles
what I should have done on the crossbow
is I should have taken a different angle
and shown from that guy's point of view
the crossbow that you're gonna see his
face because it's it's pretty nasty it's
pretty nasty but we got a couple minutes
left I'm in weapons here 17 of 20 after
this weapon set you get the China Lake
which is a lot like the thumper and that
one doesn't take me nearly as long as
this one and it progresses through very
quickly after that but yeah in wager
modes this is just the the small wager
map there's not a lot of a lot of cod
points that you can earn top three win
it's called being in the money finally
got that kill fail right there wasn't
far enough to try and get them with a
thumper I mean the China Lake sorry and
so you know we go through that all in
all these wager matches are gonna be
really fun when none of your friends are
online and you want to do something you
know a little bit different you know
shit like that and right here I'm
getting shot from the back I see the guy
I turn around realize he's right there
and then just a little nice little arc
stuck him he gets me with the China Lake
but I get him back so now I'm at the
ballistic knife this is it
you know I follow a guy around here for
a minute and it's it's a pretty big fail
he's right here
you know I'm like okay I'm just gonna go
out there run after them and snag them
but then another guy comes out I'm like
oh this is it I got it missed one about
two missed two
and so I'm frustrated here and I say
screw it I humiliate them into modem and
then what do you know right there into
the game so that's what it is
you have first place gets 30 cob points
in the small wager match you can use
those to level up stuff like that we'll
have a bunch of other tips and stuff
coming make sure you guys check out the
website this was a gun game on Hanoi I
play cod Calm